Updates for mc RELEASE.2024-10-02T08-27-28Z (#1339)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-put.rst

   - ``ALIAS/BUCKET/OBJECT-NAME``
   - ``ALIAS/BUCKET/PREFIX/OBJECT-NAME``

.. mc-cmd:: --checksum
   :optional:

   .. versionadded:: RELEASE.2024-10-02T08-27-28Z

   Add a checksum to an uploaded object. 
   
   Valid values are: 
   - ``MD5``
   - ``CRC32``
   - ``CRC32C``
   - ``SHA1``
   - ``SHA256``

   The flag requires server trailing headers and works with AWS or MinIO targets.

.. mc-cmd:: --disable-multipart
   :optional:

   .. versionadded:: RELEASE.2024-10-02T08-27-28Z
   

>    Disables uploading using the multipart feature, instead putting the object in a single operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Disables multipart uploads and directs ``mc`` to send the object in a single ``PUT`` operation.
```
